All headers are tested in pureweb module.

standard in which headers are described: RFC 2616 (http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2616#page-117)


Overview of request headers: http://users.polytech.unice.fr/~buffa/cours/internet2000/POLYS/servlets/Servlet-Tutorial-Request-Headers.html

Overview of response headers (and servlets in common):
http://www.tutorialspoint.com/servlets/servlets-server-response.htm


When an HTTP client (e.g. a browser) sends a request, it is required to supply a request line (usually GET or POST). If it wants
to, it can also send a number of headers, all of which are optional except for Content-Length



When an HTTP client (e.g. a browser) sends a request, it is required to supply a request line (usually GET or POST). If it wants to, it can also send a number of headers, all of which are optional except for Content-Length, which is required only for POST requests. Here are the most common headers:

    Accept The MIME types the browser prefers.
    Accept-Charset The character set the browser expects.
    Accept-Encoding The types of data encodings (such as gzip) the browser knows how to decode.
    Servlets can explicitly check for gzip support and return gzipped HTML pages to browsers that
    support them, setting the Content-Encoding response header to indicate that they are gzipped. In many cases, this can reduce page download times by a factor of five or ten.
    Accept-Language The language the browser is expecting, in case the server has versions in more
    than one language.
    Authorization Authorization info, usually in response to a WWW-Authenticate header from the server.
    Connection Use persistent connection? If a servlet gets a Keep-Alive value here, or gets a request
    line indicating HTTP 1.1 (where persistent connections are the default), it may be able to take
    advantage of persistent connections, saving significant time for Web pages that include several
    small pieces (images or applet classes). To do this, it needs to send a Content-Length header
    in the response, which is most easily accomplished by writing into a ByteArrayOutputStream,
    then looking up the size just before writing it out.
    Content-Length (for POST messages, how much data is attached)
    Cookie (one of the most important headers; see separate section in this tutorial on handling
    cookies)
    From (email address of requester; only used by Web spiders and other custom clients, not by
    browsers)
    Host (host and port as listed in the original URL)
    If-Modified-Since (only return documents newer than this, otherwise send a 304 "Not Modified"
    response)
    Pragma (the no-cache value indicates that the server should return a fresh document, even if
    it is a proxy with a local copy)
    Referer (the URL of the page containing the link the user followed to get to current page)
    User-Agent (type of browser, useful if servlet is returning browser-specific content)
    UA-Pixels, UA-Color, UA-OS, UA-CPU (nonstandard headers sent by some Internet Explorer versions,
    indicating screen size, color depth, operating system, and cpu type used by the browser's system)
